and yesterday I took my camera's out to
do something very special take a look
you could come out on the beach and do
some metal detecting like these experts
in morning lads you won't believe over
these what these guys have found what
have you found Howard silver coin what
about yourself a golden / with 650 years
old my gosh what I guess anos en of
Thomas a chap named Bert vicar of web
moths 1311 a seal do you throw back in
the same no no in a museum what are you
parent gold ring with diamonds which we
get back to the over my gosh what we
like me to bind today and ease my houses
or pound coins into pound coins is well
ok let's go
right that's right that's fine what is
it don't know what about this butcher
can I is it's got a big kick mine that
were you found to feed don't give up the
day hey Tashi for educators tail head
spa well there you go easy come easy go
detector expert Gary I'll stay bring
about here yay I found the odd novelty
coin there with you yesterday just take
these through some of the fantastic
files that you've got over there was a
gold coin there that's turn over the
third 650 years old a whole array there
you've got Henry the age oh my gosh
Elizabeth the first James a second and
top tips for people metal detecting I
mean how much is it gonna cost a member
of the bombings by all the gadgetry it's
trough and underpin metal detector but
the main thing is they got get
permission right on and land belongs to
everybody all right we got Charlie's
feet this morning because basically what
we've done we've hidden a gmtv alarm
clock under the grass over the way there
so you've got to find it by the end of
the morning okay good one it's a gold or
yeah yeah good luck to you lad all right
listen you can catch more of caps I
capers on the GMT me website log on
there you can see some of our antics
join us very shortly because are we
telling you I here on this morning we
have some guys some metal detectors on
the show we gave them a bit of a
challenge to find a gmtv clock and come
round here they're still looking for the
clock we're looking all over the camp
keep going laughs you haven't got long
but little do they know your lawn clocks
that okay it's mcnoltey in it
entertainment all the way we've got
Steve and Jerry are people who have been
looking for our gmtv clock can I tell
you there was no time to enjoy no some
member of the crowd handle as a search
son knows all right metal detecting wise
way off to next we thought by going to
Weston beach Weston be my own cuz all
right seaforth another I thanks for
being
lovely okay Jonah sometimes like gave us
more the more fun gauged opportunities
you name it the loss but in the meantime
I promise this loss the